stem science technology engineering and mathematics that's a pretty broad
range of capabilities there and so they're a broad range of careers
that you can follow some of them would involve clearly different
kinds of lifestyle for instance if you're a civil engineer part of
the engineering field you might spend most of your career outside with
blueprints and you don't doing surveying and in building buildings
that would be completely different the stem career in Peter programming
where you're gonna spend your entire life in the lab doing program
chemistry will lead you to a different career set I work to the
other laboratories nor Chicago Illinois when we were doing drug manufacturing
and learning how to do that so that completely different
situations for all those career field it is as wide a range as you can
almost conceive and it's hard to believe any person could not find
some stem career that fit their own capabilities their own interest
and their own proclivities